Title: 260406_TFM_Rec8_Reproducibility in Research Workshop.txt
URL: https://otter.ai/u/eCcwh1JrRP9xtsSHpJapbRt4gRM
Date: 260406
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Speaker 1  0:00
In our game on this presentation, which is, like, about the reproducibility, I'm not sure like, how much I can be like emphasizing lecture like this is very well known problem in research, like, not just in transportation, but like I, like we, like recently, like, identified this problem as very like major problem in transportation research. So, like our group, by including happy as a leader, we initiated some, some like Task Force to, you know, like, improve the reproducibility and the transparency of the transportation research. So in this recitation, like, we're gonna, like, cover, like, how to make it reproducible. So it'll be, hopefully it'll be helpful for your, like, fast project to be reproducible. And, you know, like, open for everyone, it doesn't have to be, like transportation, but, like, I think it's very useful, like toolkit for your future, like research, but, like, whatever your domain you're coming from. So, yeah, I think, like, the title, like from, this was also from, like, presented in itsd, which is, like, one of the, like, top notch conference in transportation and like Kathy held something tutorial. So like, this is a revised version of that tutorial to make it like as a like, 15 minute recitation.

Speaker 1  1:31
So these are readings,

Speaker 1  1:35
like the last one.

Speaker 1  1:38
This one is from our like, like Kathy and like some of our group members and like members in rewrite Task Force about measuring, like, what's the state of the open science and research? So I'm going to go through a little bit of like statistics from that paper. So is there a reproducibility crisis in transportation like, this question is coming from

Speaker 1  2:04
this paper, which is from nature. It's like article

Speaker 1  2:09
which is basically AI is facing some reproducibility crisis, but in 2019 so like, after that, like, I would say there were a lot of, like, investment in AI field about the reproducibility, but still, like, not in the transportation, maybe yet in transportation. So that's why, like, we, like, launched this kind of a working group on it's a collection of like, volunteers who are passionate about, like, making the transportation research to be much more open and clear. So this is rewrite, which is reproducible research and transportation engineering. And then, like, recently, the group has, like, released this paper, which is about Yeah, which is going to be the last like reading, yeah. And the paper has some like demo of this, so I can show this quickly. So this is very like interactive, like web demo. So all these points, like including this, like circles and stars, these are all like a single paper in transportation, part A to the app. So there are a collection of like journals in transportation. It's very like highly precision, prestigious journals. And then the colors are representing some like domains, like, what? What's the topic of that papers, and then stars,

Speaker 1  3:49
like stands for

Speaker 1  3:52
whether they have data or code available. So as you can see, like there are a few points, few like stars around this, like crowd are reproducible, which means, like, at least, like, they have data or code available in their paper. So you can take a look. So this is the code view. This is a data view which is much more sparse than the other. And then you can also sort, let's say I don't know error and fate logistics. These are the papers. And then there are very few stars. Maybe I can't find

Speaker 1  4:41
any. Yeah. Are they available? Yeah? If it's, let's say traffic flow and control, there are some papers available with data, yeah, so, oh, by the way, like, these axes are from the Disney analysis. So I guess, like, they put some of the keywords and then they like, like, reduce the dimensions to these 2x and y's. So these may or may not, like, have some like, physical meaning here, and also that you can, like, search abstract. So if you have paper in transportation Part A to F, you can search your paper. And then, yeah, so these are just for visualizing how much transportation research is open and reproducible. And also as well as, like, how many like, which of the like sub domain and transportation are more available? So, yeah, this was one of our, like, the rewrite groups like

Speaker 1  5:58
attempt to make it much more like open.

Speaker 1  6:03
This was from like 920, 19 to 2024 so only 5% of the papers had some like code available. And then also for data, it's 4% so like one out of like 25 papers have the data or code available. So it's just very low compared to the AI or machine learning papers, I guess I can't remember, but like, it was, like, was like 70 to 80% that code available, like, some of the conferences are, like, required to submit the code as well as that paper. So I think, like, we are sort of pushing towards that direction, which is good, yeah, do you have any questions about this text that's or, yeah, like, Don't you have to, like, share where you get your data in order to publish your paper? There are some like venues that require to submit, but most of the transportation venues they don't require.

Speaker 2  7:10
And like, is that, because a lot of the data is owned by like companies, and they say it's

Speaker 1  7:15
like, their property, yes, it could be. But like, that's also the problem in machine learning community, right? Like, there are some like, like private data source, but like, in that regime, I guess they at least, like, generate some synthetic data to specify, to validate their approaches, like reproducible. So I think at least, like, we need some, yeah, yeah, I get that, like, the data availability is lower than code. I think that's because of some of the covid scores are, some of the data is all coming from the private companies or, you know, or it has some like, privacy issues. But still, like, we need to push towards some like, to make them available.

Speaker 1  8:00
Make them the code available.

Speaker 1  8:03
So I think, yeah, I think that's also the reason why this

Speaker 1  8:19
okay. So I think for this session, I think we wanted to get your feedback with this with some like practices and exercises. So from start to finish, we are going to create a reproducible project on GitHub. So have you done like, all these prerequisites. So, like, everyone has laptops, right?

Speaker 1  8:49
And does anyone have doesn't have like this GitHub

Speaker 1  8:58
account, okay? And anyone doesn't have like, comment line programs, which could be terminal in MacBook or the partials or command prompt and windows, okay,

Speaker 1  9:12
and I'm pretty sure that you're familiar with some Python

Speaker 1  9:18
IDs and codes, we gotta, like, use your submitted CL one code base and make it like available in online. So, yeah, let's get started. Before we start, I think the main goal is to create CL one ripple project to be open first like just upload it on GitHub. Would be make it like open and also reproducible by anyone so and also like we, I'm not sure that we can cover this, but like we want to, like organize this project repo to be much more structured for, you know, better visual visibility to others. And then there are some like, principles and practical tools, I'm gonna, like, share, like, VS code, like, extensions and whatnot. So yeah, let's get started. Yeah, like, Yeah, before we start, like, you don't have to worry about, like, making this perfect. So there's no perfect repo, like, open available. Like, even my repo is not perfect, but still, um, it has to be, like, reproducible. So I think that's the bottom line of like, making it reproducible

Speaker 2  10:31
for managing libraries and dependencies in research papers. Is it standard to use like in

Speaker 2  10:39
common? Because I just have like,

Speaker 2  10:41
those dependencies already installed on my laptop. So is it okay to just really, this is what we need, and

Speaker 1  10:49
then just install, I think so, yeah, like, if you provide enough, like instructions, I think that's fine. I myself use the library for, yeah, I also CP one provided your code out library, so I think it's okay. Recently, there are some like activities, like going from like going away away from Conde to like UV or VN, which is a virtual environment, which is much more easier than conda, because like conda has to be like installed and managing like different dependencies,

Speaker 1  11:30
and also like Dockers, it's also okay.

Speaker 1  11:35
So first of all, let's start with make it run. So what I want you to do is with your laptop, download, download your CL one submission from Canvas, probably like you may have like submitted to Canvas. So download that zip file to like, to whatever like, clean repository, and then make this or whatever results you have in your like, grade, scope, submission, like, in PDF, and see if, like, if it's reproducible. So what I mean by reproducible is, like, this data points has to be same, yeah, this is exercise. So maybe you'll like, you'll have to, like, rerun this Python dot Python simulator to make it reproducible.

Speaker 1  12:29
So yeah, I can give You like, five Minutes. I

Speaker 3  13:02
You The Okay, very

Speaker 1  16:02
Much I We have Yeah, so how Many of you started like Running for this

Speaker 1  18:13
Innovation? Okay?

Speaker 1  18:40
Good, yeah, Just activate your

Speaker 3  18:51
conduct.

Speaker 1  19:04
Have so you can compare okay, maybe I should okay. So,

Speaker 1  19:20
was it it may be easy because you have the Kunta environment already. But like, if you have it, like, there could be some issues on, like, installing the Python, installing the libraries, like making it, like, dependent and whatnot, so it could be very difficult. So, but like, as a bottom line, we have creativity, like, so if you get stuck, if you have some problem reproducing it, you may ask chativity to, you know, like, figure out what's the problem between the dependencies and whatnot. So, okay, this is, like, one of our tools we can use. And also, like, if we have, we since we have this, like, environmental YAML file, it's called YAML file which includes all these informations, right? Like, install, which Python install which library with which version and whatnot. So this is, like, one way to make it useful. So that's why, like, we included the environmental dot Yamo file in your class project. But if you haven't like, hasn't have this like, haven't have this environment YAML file, it'll be very difficult to like, identify which pi gain version we should use, which we should use. So like, in our like, even like, some of our like cores that we also have some problem with low Python, which is like 3.7 because it's no longer provided by, like, some of the, some of the machines, like OS machines. So yeah, I think, like, these are like, one way to make it look useful. It's like a start point to make the code run. And we haven't checked your all the code bases. But like, if you can think of like this as a research project, as a research papers code base, reviewers may raise some issues, whether it's not like run right? So it's very important to make it like all these notes on which libraries you use, like, which Python, which condos like environments you use in your account, okay? And also, like, if you have, like, successfully run the whole like simulation, though you may identify like, there are some like differences from your grade scopes and issues, which is because like, inherentness. So because, like, there are some like randomness in car following models, or, sorry, stuff in simulations. So if we were to repeat this the same thing, we may have to define the fix the random scene, which is to just for like generating the same like randomness and procedure. So this is one way to do that, like import random, import NumPy SNP, and we can, like, fix the scene from the code base level and also from NumPy level. So with this, like, we'll be able to reproduce the same figure with the same thoughts in your figure, as in like Grace of grace. So this is like, not only important for traffic simulations, but also like all like in all statistical papers or transportation related papers as well.

Speaker 1  22:39
Okay, and also,

Speaker 1  22:43
like, this was about like handling randomness and like libraries. And we also wanted to, like, look into some readme and installation files. So yeah, so your closest libraries you six months ago, because, like, most of the like journal like submissions or conference submissions, they may, like, ask, like, rerun something, or, you know, during the report, also you may have to run additional like experiments and but without like, like clear instructions, even myself would have some struggling, like reproducing the results I did in, you know, like, a few months ago. So this is very important. I don't know, like, how much, how many of you, like remember this, but like, in our CP one, we had almost an empty written file, right? But like, like, like, this is an exception, because, like, we had some like another, like, PDF file about this project. How we reproduce it? Like, how to, like, install the content environments. Well, like, if the readme file is, like, empty, as in this case, if it's in like, preparation research, it's very like, unfriendly for, like, the readers. So read me is always the starting point of this code base. It should like give us instructions of like how to install like everything, or like how to like how the code base are structured. So there are some like, like exercise and like, what's the like, you know, like, what's the like? The good example of Rick me. So maybe we'll have some like paper titles, and also like link to the original paper. And also, these are requirements for installments. So like this one uses requirements, dot type TST, which is also fine, so it'll be also a list of like libraries you use with versions. So you can use pip install or like install, as we did, and also like for training, evaluation, pre trained models, results. These are sort of like, like, must have. Like, not must like, it would be good to have if you are read. This is very like, important for reproducing, like, the papers, figures, yeah. So these are, like, one of the like, good example of read me, so I'll post it in Piazza. You can check this out. And this is very like, good example of readme.md How

Speaker 1  25:29
many of you, like, like, familiar with this markdown grammars?

Speaker 1  25:36
Okay? Yeah. These are very like, useful, yeah, these are so that's why, like, all review files are in Markdown. Yeah, you can check it out. It's very easy. Like, for the titles, it'll have, like, one chart for the subtitles, it'll be two charts and whatnot, and bullet points for just dashes.

Speaker 1  25:58
So, yeah, you can check this out.

Speaker 1  26:03
Yeah, and also, like, if you were to, like,

Speaker 1  26:07
edit the readme file in VS code,

Speaker 1  26:10
I'm pretty sure you will have these README file, sorry, VS code installed. Yeah, maybe you can

Speaker 1  26:18
use this. I

Speaker 1  26:23
Yes, so, yeah. So as I mentioned, like this one sharp is for title, and then there's two charts for subtitles, right? So maybe requirements, and this will be using

Speaker 1  26:41
Python 3.7 and blah, blah, blah. And this is very useful tool to preview this preview file, because like, this is just like, code and texts. So this whole like, like visualize how this Markdown file look like. So it's called like, markdown preview. You can check this out as well. So it'll be like, providing the side by side. Okay, um,

Speaker 2  27:14
this is sorry. Why? Like, why is it important to put it in readme if you're gonna already have it in your environment.

Speaker 1  27:23
Oh, that's a good point. So read me is kind of a like, text file. So if you, even if you already have this environment, environment YAML file, but like, like, what? May not know how to use it. So it's just like as a friendly

Speaker 1  27:44
like instruction for them to reproduce.

Speaker 1  27:48
And also this is going to be your like, if you just like, open this code base from GitHub. Readme will automatically show so it'll be useful for them to, like, check this out first and then follow the instructions. And also for the product style files I mentioned briefly, like, one may use conda, as we did, one may use Docker, which is much more advanced, but simpler for like, machine learning community. But I think like just pip install or or conduct, or virtual environment bnps, usually that'll be fine for us, okay? And also, if you have,

Speaker 1  28:39
if you type this, Python

Speaker 1  28:42
dash, dash version, which will like output, like which Python margin you're working on, and also, if you, yeah, let me show you this. So if you install then install content. Come back to basically p1 it will automatically load your environments, right? And if you do Python dash, dash version, it will give us, like, which Python margin you're working on. And also, if you want to see the list of libraries you're working on. It'll be from the list. It'll give you a list of list of libraries you're using in this CPU one. Maybe I'm using more than you because, like, I'm like, doing some, like, more edits on this code base, but like all like someone is only show like, listing a few packages based on like, what's required, instead of like, watching it like sufficient. These are all like, yeah, as you can see, these are all like packages installed in CP one, but like those are not required, then we may only want to just use the required packages for that. Okay, this is like how the environmental dot yahoo file is constructed. Name is for the environment name, so we use CPU one, and for the dependencies, we use pip install and Python versions. And like using Pip, which is like the package for installing the other libraries. And then these are the lists of libraries with some versions specified. So without specified it may not be like, depend on the other, like, like the other versions.

Speaker 1  30:48
So otherwise they will just

Speaker 1  30:53
install whatever like compatible with the other, like packages like pythons or Apple it which are required like that version, okay, so, yeah. And also for this front name, it has to be like, no spaces on the first name, and then the library name with a version number. And some of the libraries are requiring, like, only two, like, only like, up to two, like, decimal points. Like, it may depend on, like, with whether you are working on Mac OS or window OS, Windows OS. So yeah, with this environment available, very easy to just like, create the environments and activate, okay, get Python margins, get module informations. I've already covered it. Yeah, so for the Python margins, yes, some may have to use just 3.8 instead of like, 3.8 point zero and also like, these are like, what you have to fill. Okay, I think like, these are out to make it run. So do you have any questions? Okay, so let's make it available, which is going to be like, directly uploaded to the GitHub. So these are some like quotes that the complete software development environment reset of instructions, which during the figures is the actual like scholarship. So yeah, these are like, sort of like, not just like recent like movement, but from like very old things. So to make it available, we have to choose which open source license to use. So we usually use MIT license, which is not because we are at MIT, but this is very like well known and widely used open source, which is permissive to the copyright predictions. And if you like, release an MIT license, it can be used for commercial applications. So you have to, like, yeah, like, be aware of these differences. So if you don't want to provide, like, explicit data license, maybe you'll have to use different ones. But like, I would say MIT license is the most widely used in research, or, like, a Canadian so I recommend using it Yeah. And also yeah can be used in arbitrary projects are like only for these three open sources. So these are like, not permissive to

Speaker 1  33:53
like to be used in,

Speaker 1  33:57
yeah, like closed source projects. And as you can see, like many of them are Apache and MIT license, which are like two widely used and for the research, we use MIT the most. Okay, so like to get the code up on GitHub, like first you have to install Git. So Git is for version control. So Git is to, like, manage what's your added mate on this specific version and this specific timestamps. So yeah, this is good for version control. So always you have to, like, keep track on like, what edits you've made, so that you can easily, like, revert to the earlier versions. So this is great. And then the GitHub is for like, managing that get. So GitHub is for first floor, like, up like as you we will better do. We will just unload our project with Git on GitHub, which may be good for collaborations and also for reproducible reproducing. Second, it's also good for ourselves, which is to manage the different versions of the code. So all we have, like what we're going to do is create a new repo on GitHub, and then we're going to download the empty repo to your local machine, and then add files to the new workspace from your report repo, which is going to be like your files, and then do the comment and sync files to GitHub. So yeah, open your terminal first, and then we have to log in to our GitHub. So it'll be get something global which is going to be like, applied to your whole machine, and use this user email, which is going to be your user ie in GitHub, and define your usual name this. This is going to be used in use in queue, like what's going to be displayed like when you make the comments.

Speaker 1  36:14
So, yeah, let's configure this details first, and then

Speaker 3  36:22
maybe had to Change my version to 3.11

Speaker 1  37:06
Okay, so once you configure these details,

Speaker 1  37:12
move on to the github.com

Speaker 1  37:14
from your Chrome or Firefox, like The web browsers, and then log into GitHub

Speaker 1  37:22
and then you'll see this green button

Speaker 1  37:26
which is going to create a new repository, okay?

Speaker 1  37:37
And once you hit it, you'll see, like, this kind of interface, which is going to be, who's the owner, probably you and the repository name. You may want to define the repository so you can define whatever you want. This was from example, from ITC, so like, this is the repository name, and then you may choose between public or private access. So public is going to be like everyone on internet can view this link, so most of the like, already finished research projects would be available on private. I'm sorry, public or like, if it's still private, like under constructions and you're working with your collaborators, collaborators in a closed manner, you may just have it like this. This is a finished project, so we may want to make it available. So we got to make and then there are some options below, which is to add the readme file. This will give you the very, like, very basic template with the titles the same as the recoding. And maybe that's it. So it'll just like, give us the readme file. And it also does this the Git ignore, which is very important.

Speaker 1  39:02
This can ignore,

Speaker 1  39:05
prevent you from, like, uploading everything from that protocol. This is important because, like, GitHub has some like capacity, which is maybe like 100 megabytes or something, so you may not want to upload two large files, or like cache files in your workout. So you may want to include in a GitHub sorry, dot Git ignored, which is going to be ignored in GitHub communication. And you may choose a license, my interest, chose MIT license, but you can choose whatever you want. Okay, so with this, you're gonna see an empty repo rested you created like one GitHub repo, and then these will include dot get ignore license, which is going to be the MIT license, as we chose, and the readme file. So README file only includes this title the same as the repo name. And then let's hit this, this green button, which is the code this will be downloading this whole repo into your local machine. So there are two options. One is HTTPS, which is less preferred. Many of many of the GitHub users are using SSH for better like privacy and security issues, but we haven't like, set up this SSH, so we're going to choose HTTPS. If you select this HTTPS, you can copy this link and then go back to your terminal and then like, go to like, where, where you want to download this remote by z and type git, clone and paste this link to your terminal, so this will download this like online to your local machine.

Speaker 4  41:19
It's a big is it a big deal that there's no license option on the last slide? Yeah. Why does yours have a license option? Oh, yours, no. There was just no selection. Is it

Speaker 4  41:41
automatically MIT or the automatically.

Speaker 1  41:55
We're using the MIT GitHub. Okay, do personal email? Or this is

Speaker 1  42:36
on, okay, after you like downloaded this, like your post to your local machine, we're going to add files to your to our like new new workspace, so you can open the repo in VS code with a new window and open folder, and you can navigate where you fit this, like all night repo, which is going To be with the new names and with like new, like these three fonts or two files.

Speaker 1  43:13
Okay? And then, like, once you like, loaded these two VS code windows, one with the old workspace, which is going to, like, include all these, you know, all these files. And then the other would be empty files with, like, only two or three files with me and getting more. So once you have like these two, you can just copy all these files, except for py hash, maybe like, just from setup info to the like to the others, and then move to the copy and paste to this new

Speaker 1  43:58
so now you will see the

Speaker 1  44:03
See, you will see, like, all these files in the year, the

Speaker 2  44:08
new workspace we're opening, the same

Speaker 1  44:14
folder, no, the different one, which is going to be like downloaded At this time. So once you've downloaded this like online to your local machine, that'll be your new workspace.

Speaker 2  44:37
My journal just says quote, yeah.

Speaker 1  44:56
After I configured my account, yeah, I can check so, yeah, once you have this, like, obvious, you'll see this in the left panel. You'll see this, this icon, which is going to be about the Git and which is about the source control, and you'll see like, all these new files marked as like, unidentified. Okay. And then you may select like the files you want to upload it so you can hit this like plus button, which is going to be like, add to your stage changes. And, yeah, maybe you can just like, add all these files to be added. So you can hit the plus button in like up here to make like, all these files to be added. Okay? And with that, you can type in some messages here. So this gotta be like masters telling you, like, what's the change you made at this stage? So you can type like any messages, like initial commit or initial upload, and then hit this comment, okay. And with this you may want to push it so you can push this button like it may be turned to like push or something you push this, you're going to find, like all files uploaded to your GitHub account, like new GitHub. So this is sort of like GUI version, and then with the comment like version, you may use these comments. So first it's going to be git status, which is going to be like, see which files have changed. Git add would be like, add the files would you wish to comment? So it'll be same as like, adding this plus button here. And do the git status again, which is going to be, show you like which files are added. And then if you type in Git commit and dash m with some common message, which is going to be equivalent to, like adding these message in this UI, and then comment, and then you got to get pulled, which is going to be pull your ripple from the online repo, remote repo, and then, like, see what's changing. And then like, you may want to push your comment to the headline, so like, open all these procedure you may want. You may see, okay, I don't have it, but you may see a loaded files on this git logr. So you may see the files like listed up here

Speaker 1  47:54
with some reproducible So, and also like, if you have edited the readme file, it'll be changed you if you're just using the button, do you have to also do push command somewhere separately? I What does it automatically push? It's also taking a while to load. So if you do? Let's say I add this with me and blah,

Speaker 1  48:31
blah, blah, and edit and you may see,

Speaker 1  48:36
maybe this button which is going to be pushed.

Speaker 4  48:41
Do you have to add a commit message?

Speaker 4  48:45
Yes, when you click Commit, it just opens this thing, and then you just have to type the text in here.

Speaker 1  48:49
Or did you do git commit? Dash N,

Speaker 4  48:58
where I'm using the option in the

Speaker 4  49:02
in the in VS code that you just press the green the one, yeah. But then I it was just loading. And then when I hit the Commit button, here, it like, cancel it and add a message. So you have to add them, oh, yes, it pulls this up, and this is where you add your commit message, right? Yeah, you can do that.

Speaker 1  49:24
And then if you hit a save,

Speaker 4  49:29
so now it'll be editing the comment list, and then you hit that to push it, okay.

Speaker 1  49:38
Okay, so in the interest of time,

Speaker 1  49:43
yeah, maybe I'll have to stop here.

Speaker 1  49:47
So, like, we covered, like, up until, like, make it available and making it pretty is the difference. Like, how to organize the data in code right now, the CM one code base is very, like, unorganized, right? There is a lot of different Python files without, like, clear instructions, like, there's like, also data, like, the output files to be in the same level as the like, all the Python files and whatnot. So it's very important to organize it with some like, you know, community standard, it's not required, but like, it's better for others to read it efficiently. So making your code readable and making your data readable, I'll just put it on Piazza, like all these slides, you may check this so, but I think, like, at least, like, making it available is really a huge, like step for you to do. So I hope this was helpful, and I hope I want to see like your final projects, code base to be uploaded on GitHub and reproducible for sure.

Speaker 4  50:56
Okay, any Awesome question, yeah, sorry for asking somebody, but for the workflow when we're working on the final project, if we're working with two people, you'd start at each time you're editing code by polling.

Speaker 4  51:15
So how, what is the process

Speaker 4  51:16
like on VS code to pull

Speaker 4  51:19
down from Git?

Speaker 4  51:21
So like, you have to do that terminal.

Speaker 1  51:28
Like, I haven't like covered it, yeah. So you can think of like this as a GitHub,

Speaker 1  51:34
like one use it as a like, remote

Speaker 1  51:40
origin. So whatever A and B will download this time steps, code base, right? And let's say this is the main branch, and there's a notion of branch and Git. So one, like the remote one will always have the main branch, which is going to be like, not used as a, like, like, everyday code base. So this is going to be like, untouched, forward, like, unless you have a, you know you have a, you make sure, like, these are like, it has to be made as a change. And then the clever aid would branch this out. So you can branch out, maybe user with a branch. So this is going to be copy of this time steps, main branch, and then you can make a change, like git add and Git comment, git add and git commit. But at this point, you're pretty sure that's it. So you can upload you want to upload this codebase, like to the GitHub, but clever B should like working on different things, right? So clever B use also use some like branch called user B, and they would like proceed with some like different

Speaker 1  53:16
edits. So the practice is to

Speaker 1  53:20
before you push your code to the GitHub, the practice

Speaker 1  53:26
is to pull your origin, sorry.

Speaker 1  53:30
Remote main, like, which is called like,

Speaker 1  53:35
remote, yeah. Remote like, origin, main,

Speaker 1  53:39
like, pull down and then see if there's any conflict from your previous code. If there's no conflict, you can submit.

Speaker 4  53:49
How do you see the conflict?

Speaker 1  53:51
Do you just do that manually? Or is there, like going to be error messages? So there could be, like, multiple, like one, there could be some, you know, like in structural error, like the GitHub will raise down like errors if there's conflict second, like GitHub, like may not identify this, but like, if you have some like unintended, unintended conflict,

Speaker 1  54:21
you may want to use some like test,

Speaker 1  54:25
like test cases, so you can define like, whatever you whatever, some like, put some like easy cases. Easy case, let's say like one plus one should be two uses as a test case, and then, before you upload it, run this test case and see if like there's any like error between like the previous code and the new code. So these should be, you know, defined properly. So it doesn't have to be this easy, but it has to be like, yeah, somehow,

Speaker 1  55:07
like, reasonably,

Speaker 1  55:11
yeah, reasonable case examples, so that, like, your code is still working okay, and then the user B has some like edits, like, regardless of like, these changes user A have made, so before user B commit to the original sorry, the remote, yeah, user B has have to, like, pull this code, which is the updated one by user A and then see if there's any conflict. And user B have to, like stage all the like, different conflicts and whatnot. And then like, with some maybe with some like edits, it's good to unload it. So each user has to periodically, like, download the like, the current with the get pull, and then make sure that you do a get pull before you Yeah, so like, this is how like, the collaboration on GitHub goes, and also, like, like, very much more of a complicated one, if you are working on, like multiple things with multiple users, so it's another, like an hour session for this. Okay, any other questions, do you have

Speaker 1  56:41
office hours on Wednesday,

Speaker 1  56:46
but I can help you right. Thank you so much and see you On

Speaker 4  57:02
Wednesday. Shut up. Oh, I don't

Speaker 2  57:27
typing so call

Speaker 3  57:46
The VS code in the VS code, is good. So there's an

Speaker 2  58:22
no so there's.